Good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We're going to pray and go over the things the Lord showed us this last time we prayed—not yesterday, but the day before—and go over some of the things that we see in the news.
Now, I don't know where you want to start, Braden, but I just want to say thank you all for coming.
I'm excited; there are already 1,800 people here.
That's really quick, so they have their notifications on.
There's a lot of people upset right now about Benjamin Bibi and what he just said publicly about Jesus.
And if you remember what the Lord showed me back at the first of the year, there would be a day shortly that he would be in danger, that he would open a door, and he would be removed.
I saw him being removed; it was very serious.
I try not to go into this because of how sensitive I believe it is, but it was a great, detailed vision.
I didn't understand what kind of open door it was.
I saw him going down a wrong path and then, all of a sudden, I see this, and I can understand there's a lot of people upset about what he just said.
So, we're going to play what he just said and I'll leave it there.
And like I said, you say, 'Well, you always stand with the Israeli government, Brandon; you stand with this.
' No, I didn't say that.
I stand with the Jewish people.
I stand with them with all my heart.
I stand for Jerusalem.
I stand for the peace of Jerusalem.
I stand for the children of Israel, all the Jews combined.
But just like our government, we make bad choices all the time.
We have a Biden and he allows everybody in; we have a Bibi and he makes a stupid remark.
So, you don't throw the baby out with the bathwater.
You know, all these people have all these opinions and you have to be more mature than this.
It's like if President Trump comes on tomorrow and says something really dumb—he could.
I don't always agree with everything he says, but I pray for that man more than I pray for anybody else.
I can assure you that, because of what the Lord has told me he is assigned to do in these last days, he must finish his term.
He had opened the 'valley of decision.
' All the things the Lord showed me about President Trump and his life being in danger concerning the valley of decision and these major decisions that he would make back at the first of the year—and He said, 'This is what's going to either make or break his presidency.
' And the Lord even said recently, he's in the valley of decision concerning Cuba.
I gave the United States of America the greatest military force in the world on purpose to liberate and to make a way for the people to have revival in Iran, revival in Cuba, and revival in Venezuela—revival in these areas to take away these dictators, these people that are persecuting the Christians, persecuting...
the blood cries out from the ground of the people that were martyred for the cause of Christ.
I really believe we're going to see President Trump as we continue to pray for him.
We must pray for our troops on a day-to-day basis.
This should be a major deal that everybody's always praying for our battleships, praying for the decisions that are about to be made even in the days ahead, that we could actually see a major decision this weekend concerning Cuba.
Praying for Cuba, praying for the liberation of Cuba and for a new Cuban government coming; for Mexico to be free from Claudia.
And people say, 'Well, I like Claudia.
' Claudia is in with the drug cartel.
I'm telling you, I've seen it.
And so it's hot.
Can you turn on the fan?
I truly believe we're about to see a great shaking to awaken even in America, and with midterms.
Now, I've warned you what I've seen about gas.
And like I said, I have to say it this time: this is not financial advice.
I'm not telling you to invest in or do anything with your finances concerning gas or anything.
I've seen visions concerning gas, concerning major processing plants—praying over Tuttle, Oklahoma, praying over Louisiana, praying over Houston, praying over our major refineries and factories of gas and oil in America.
I saw strategic attacks coming.
If you go back to those videos, I've warned you even before Iran even started to pray over these oil wells because I saw major attacks trying to come, and it was some kind of sabotage.
And when it happened, I saw people completely vaporized—seven of them in particular—and then 25 more in critical condition that were not too far from there at this facility.
And I don't know what caused it to go up, but it was in retaliation to what's going on in Iran and what's going on right now.
And I warned you to pray for these oil areas.
This is very serious.
As I saw President Trump opening up new pipelines like he's talking about in California, I told you he would open up new pipelines throughout America.
And you would even hear about the Nord Stream pipeline starting to talk about redoing that and building that.
And I heard him say, 'Drill, baby, drill.
We're going to start to drill.
' It would be a short window for an oil squeeze because President Trump was going to start to really bring forth oil in America, but it was a window.
Now, I got this vision back in June of last year.
And we prayed over it and then I let it go.
So, everybody thought, 'Well, it didn't happen.
' Well, it looks in the natural, in my opinion, that we could be seeing some of this right now with Europe and all this because even what I've seen, Braden was watching Johnny Bravo tonight with the guy that says 'cue the fire.
' I love it when he says that; we always laugh.
He was saying about the oil and what's going on in Australia—that a lot of the oil is about gone.
Okay, here it is.
Show them the article, son.
This is what Johnny Bravo had on his channel.
Is that right?
Is this from Johnny Bravo?
Well, Johnny Bravo, not this one, but this one is.
Show that.
Are you showing it right now?
Are we there yet?
You have to show me.
So, do you see that?
That's what I warned you; I saw in the spirit and I said it would be for a window.
It will be a short-lived window, but I said it would be for a window.
Now, show what's going on with Australia.
Are you seeing it?
So you see what's happening.
Just because it's not about...
and what's interesting is the western mindset is if it doesn't have to do with America, then the prophetic word is wrong.
It's not about America.
It's about the world.
It's about a shaking of the nations.
America has 350 million people; we are a speck compared to a lot of the countries in this world with lots more people in it than America.
And so for us to always have the pride of always thinking it's about us is arrogance.
It's about the world.
God's not shaking and coming back for just America.
The revival isn't just about America.
The revival is about shaking Europe, Asia, South America, Africa, and the Middle East.
He wants a major harvest.
But we always focus, 'Well, you know, as America goes, so does the world.
' Well, that's arrogance in my opinion.
Here we are.
We see it.
Yeah, we have the most powerful nation in the world, but I believe there's a humbling coming.
There is a great humbling coming.
And people don't want to hear that, but the Lord showed me again, there's a humbling coming.
The dollar is going to be shaken.
Things, in my opinion, will be shaken.
But it will give an opportunity through this olive press for a major revival.
Okay, so let's go to anything else that you had today.
What else did you get from watching that?
And then 33% gone overnight.
Oh, so now the helium's gone?
Is that right?
Yeah, so 33% of all the helium—Iran hit the major plant.
So that affects MRIs, it affects computers and chips and stuff like that.
So if we go back to what the Lord showed us about major trade wars—and we prayed against the trade wars—I saw a supply chain concerning computers.
I saw medical supplies.
I saw major trade wars coming concerning medical supplies, such that you won't be able to have surgeries; elective surgeries only.
What causes that?
I don't know, but I saw that they would not be able to put you under anesthesia for some reason.
So people who were only able to have surgery in the vision that I had back last spring—this time last year—I saw major surgeries being delayed because they weren't able to give you anesthesia for things like plastic surgery or facelifts—all the cosmetic things.
But if you had to have heart surgery, if it was a major heart issue and you had to have it unclogged, they had those.
But it was for things that they had to have; it was selective, which one they thought was deemed life-threatening, right?
And I told you I saw this, and it was also about medicines.
Certain medicines would become hard to get, and the Lord showed me this.
Now, people were like, 'Brandon, you're scaring me.
I have to have my medicine or I'm going to die.
' I don't know which ones.
I can't tell you how many emails I had about which medicines I saw that you should stockpile.
I don't know; all I saw was a shortage of medicines for some reason, and it was concerning things we got from China.
So it's something for you to pray about.
I see in part here.
I believe the Lord is telling me to pray about this, and we're seeing similar things in the news.
I wanted to tell you all something.
We got a really cool email today from a former witch, a Satanist who was watching us on the night I gave the altar call about witchcraft.
I said, 'You're here, you're watching,' and they were coming against me.
I said, 'I forgive you.
' This man—who was a witch—gave his heart to Jesus Christ watching our broadcast that night and is asking for a Bible.
So we're sending him a Bible by the first part of next week.
I just wanted to give Jesus all the glory that a warlock got born again watching us two or three nights ago.
Isn't that wonderful?
It's what the Lord said, to lead the captives to Jesus.
Braden, it's hot in here.
To lead the captives to Jesus.
We had an email—I'll have Diana read it to you next time.
He says he gave his heart to Jesus watching the broadcast and that he was in the occult for quite some time.
Pretty cool, huh?
That witches are getting born again watching the broadcast and giving their hearts to Jesus Christ.
So we're sending him a Bible.
I believe the best is yet to come for that young man; he didn't give his age, but it's pretty neat.
I was excited about it.
So he was watching us and got born again while practicing witchcraft.
What is this right here?
US congressman—can you show that?
That's pretty interesting.
I told you there would be an acceleration of this.
Right before Jesus comes—the Lord said when I went to heaven with him in 2014—I went through the Tribulation with the Lord.
The last thing he said to me before I came back was, 'Brandon, in this time frame, they're going to talk about aliens all the time.
You'll start to see them in the sky as a false flag, a false narrative.
' And he said this is how they're going to explain away the Rapture of the church.
As I was in the Tribulation with him and I saw all the people worshiping on Fridays to the Mahdi, none of this garbage was going on in America then.
I want you to see this—this is America, right?
None of this was happening in 2014.
But Jesus said they'll worship on Fridays.
This is New York today.
They're all worshiping with the mayor.
I said they'll all gather up, and at this time they'll all have to wear white clothes and worship Allah and the Mahdi on Fridays.
I said it's coming.
I saw all this.
People said, 'Brandon, that's never going to happen in America.
You are crazy.
' I said, 'Watch.
' I know I had a visitation from Jesus.
I know he took me out of my body.
I saw the Christians that were left—the ones who were lukewarm and preaching a compromised gospel.
I said they're going to rise up in the days ahead.
I told everybody about Muslims and mosques, and look what's happening nearly 12 years later.
Here in America, it's becoming a major deal.
Look at everybody, this Friday again after Ramadan, everyone worshiping in these mosque things.
I warned everybody.
My first video on YouTube was in 2021, and I was scared spitless to put it out there.
But the Lord told me to record what I saw and put it on.
That video has over a million hits now.
It's all what I tried to tell you was coming.
Jesus Christ said there's a major revival about to break forth.
What are all the cars lined up for?
This just opened up—the new mosque.
Where is that?
In Minnesota?
That is a massive mosque.
It's really beautiful for a building.
I guess they'll need it one day to be a place where we worship Jesus, right?
Minnesota...
they're trying to do that in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, in the Bible Belt.
I don't think they got it passed, but just another day in America, right?
What else?
He was saying he's not going to do anything.
Let's hear it.
You have to play this for me.
He wants everyone to help; we have to pray for him.
He's underneath tremendous pressure right now.
It's a simple military maneuver.
It's relatively safe, but you need a lot of help in the sense that you need ships and volume.
NATO could help us but they so far haven't had the courage to do so, and others could help us but we don't use it.
At a certain point, it will open itself, but we've defeated the enemy.
They're a sick group of people.
Leadership is gone, the navy is gone, the air force is gone, and the anti-aircraft equipment and radar they have is all gone.
Everything's gone.
The Strait itself—the actual Strait—is doing a good job, but it would be nice if the countries that use it, including China, which uses it for 90% of their energy, and Japan, for 95%, would get involved.
Will they?
We'll see.
I pray they will.
These are the things we see in the news today.
Every single time we do a broadcast, you can see end times.
Watch what Pete says today.
'Say the same to every American who wants peace through strength.
May Almighty God continue to bless our troops in this fight.
And again to the American people, please pray for them every day on bended knee with your family, in your schools, in your churches in the name of Jesus Christ.
To the troops, keep going and Godspeed.
Over to you.
' I thought that was cool.
He's asking for prayer, so that's what we're going to do tonight.
We're going to pray for our troops and for the mustard gas explosion that Israel found in the side of the mountain.
I was excited about that.
They're saying in this explosion that it looks like biological weapons going up in flames when Israel hit the side of the mountain today.
We see this: Israel's air force recently carried out an attack in Iran.
Per a report, they believe it's some kind of biological weapon, possibly a hazardous material event.
Did we destroy a stockpile of chemical weapons?
We pray they have because I told you they had them.
I saw that they had received them from Saddam.
It was mustard gas, a red chemical that was very deadly, that would cause your skin to melt off and you to convulse to the point where your back would break.
I saw it in the middle of a mountain.
Maybe that's what we hit today; maybe this is our prayers at work.
I believe God is big enough that they will find these biological weapons that I saw they would try to use out of Damascus on Israel in the days ahead.
The Lord said, 'This will be worse than October the 7th,' and said to pray because I saw families being destroyed, and it would be by chemical weapons.
We see this, and I thought it was interesting.
Is this some of them being destroyed?
It was in 50-gallon drum-looking barrels underneath the mountains.
I just pray this is some of them.
Wouldn't that be wonderful?
I know I'm talking about sensitive stuff.
This is an official statement.
They actually did meet up, though they're saying it's not official if they're joining us.
The UAE all met and had a major meeting.
The Arab countries have officially threatened to join the United States and Israel in the war against Iran.
So all of them had a pow-wow and they're talking.
We are living in the last of the last days, folks.
This is amazing to watch; it's actually kind of cool every day.
You don't know what's going to be in the news, it's just happening, and you know something major is about to take place—a major shaking to awaken.
And the Lord told us to watch Cuba.
How many times has the Father told us to pray about Cuba, that there would be an attack in the night from them to hit Florida?
Praying against Cuba, backing the dog in the corner, which would involve Russia.
He said this is an old alliance from the Cuban missile crisis time frame that is rekindling.
There is a new alliance coming together with Cuba and Russia in the days ahead.
This is what the Lord warned us to pray against.
I saw submarines and things going to Cuba to aid them, trying to stop the United States from liberating them.
I saw a dragon come up out of the water three times that was purple and a biological vial that looked like a nuclear cylinder with a biohazard on the side of it.
All the videos are there.
Every single time the Lord said, 'Watch Cuba.
Pray over Cuba.
Don't underestimate Cuba.
Don't take your eyes off of Cuba.
' Everything we have been praying is to liberate the people of Cuba and get them set free from this dictator.
I saw that it was tied to the cartel and Venezuela.
It was a triangle coming out of Venezuela to Colombia to Claudia Scheinbaum, and it was a trafficking circle coming up through Miami.
There were stucco houses with big money, drug cartels, and cocaine.
I'm telling you, the Lord is putting a kink in the hose because the Lord wants revival, and we will have revival.
I believe with all my heart we are about to see one of the greatest shakings to awaken in this country.
'President Trump said this week that he can take Cuba.
How soon can that happen?
' 'Well, Cuba is a disaster and it's because of their communist government.
It doesn't work.
So, I don't have any news for you on that today other than that's been going on for 67 years.
They're a disaster.
It's the worst it's ever been.
' That reporter wants a hard question.
He thinks they're going to tell you, 'We're going to hit them on this day and at this hour.
' I guess you give him an A for effort, but it's pretty dumb.
I'm thinking about doing it in February of next year or the 4th of July—I don't know.
Like they're going to tell you that!
Johnny Bravo had some really good articles tonight and some of the things he was saying were playing in the background.
And I heard it.
It was amazing.
He does a really good job of finding news.
I don't know how he does it.
He must do that all day long before he makes his videos.
He's a YouTuber, and he has his channel over there.
Okay, so let's go over some of the things.
Well, I just want to make sure because I see your face, and if it goes down, you've got to let me know.
Okay, so what did we see last time?
Let's do that really quick.
How long have I been doing this?
39.
It's too long.
Okay, ready?
This will be real quick.
I saw a green plant that came up and the Lord said, 'Focus on this plant.
It has cures for some diseases.
' As I was praying for certain cures, interceding and praying for these cures for these diseases, the Lord was reminding me of that, kind of like an aloe vera plant.
There's something more to this.
I don't know what kind.
It looked like a green plant and it looked like it had stems on the side, like thorny.
And so some people say, 'Well, you can make alcohol out of that.
You can do all this other stuff like yucca plants and agave, I believe is what was said.
' And so people were emailing Diana saying, 'Listen, this is what you do with it.
' But as I was praying into this, this plant was about cures for something, medicine, something more to this plant.
Now, I don't know.
I'm praying into it.
But like I said, I saw it and it has to do with something.
Now, the other part was bringing down racial tension and racial walls that the Lord said, 'I'm bringing healing from injustice, turning wrongs to rights.
' He's going to fix things.
Braden, what was the exact word?
Restitution.
Yep.
And so what are you working on?
Are you getting the internet?
No, monitor.
Oh, monitor.
Making things right.
So I saw Harriet Tubman and she was leading the people in the Underground Railroad.
And I saw the American Indians.
And the Lord showed me for the body of Christ, for the ones that have that, the Lord showed me it was a generational pain, generational things that kept going around and around, and it kept going from generation to generation.
And the Lord said he was breaking the dividing walls down that the body of Christ would move together in these last days with mending the hurt but restoring what the cankerworm had eaten in finances concerning slave wages, calling back that money for restitution.
As I was praying into that, I saw...
my wife is American Indian.
Not very many people know that, but my wife is American Indian and she has a lot of American Indian in her.
She's Apache, and so everyone said, 'Well, she's dark-skinned anyway.
' But some people thought she was Hispanic, but she's not Hispanic.
She's American Indian.
So I told her even, I said, 'Claim back the Trail of Tears, the things that happened to your ancestors.
Believe God for the tribal...
and you see, well, they have tribal money.
They have all that stuff and they have their land and all that.
But I saw restitution coming even on a greater level, even for the tribal land and for the people for the Trail of Tears.
But I was mainly focusing in the spirit, even more so in Arizona.
In Arizona, the Lord said to call back restitution and restoration over the families.
So we are going to pray.
We prayed over that.
You're going to have to help me because I've got to get through this so we can move on to everything I saw.
You saw aliens, you saw a moon, you saw from AI.
I saw—and like I said, this seems controversial and a lot of people say, "Snap, Brandon, I can't believe you say that"—but I saw that the moon landing was fake, the 1970-whatever it was when we hit the moon the first time.
They're all saying about it, Neil Armstrong.
I saw that that was fake and in this, there was deception in it.
But the Lord said a true space race was coming.
I saw bases on the moon.
I saw physical bases, like places you could go, a military base on the moon.
And it looked like something in the side of a crater.
And as I was looking into this, it had little lights on it.
It looked like a dome.
It was like very, very sophisticated high tech stuff.
But as I was seeing this, I saw Elon's rockets and all this...
and the Lord said, 'Debunking even the flat-earthers, that this is false.
This is false.
The earth is not flat.
The earth is round.
' And the Lord said this will come out even more to validate that the earth is truly round and there's no argument about it.
There would be great things that would show.
As I was seeing this, I saw artifacts coming out of the ground again that would be found in the days ahead with these major earthquakes.
I saw tablets and artifacts from biblical archaeological discoveries that would bring in lots of people again out of the Islamic faith into Christianity to shake the Islamic church, to shake this stuff.
And I saw that the Lord said, 'Pray for them not to be able to cover this up again.
' And I saw it.
So this is, I believe, the third time for me the Lord to talk about this.
And so people say, 'Brandon, you've brought this up before.
' No, the Lord's telling us to pray over it again.
It's on his heart.
Every time I see it, it means it's getting closer.
Every time he has the pulse of it—praying over Cuba, praying over Iran, praying over these things—it's getting closer and closer and closer that major things are about to happen.
When you start hearing about it over and over in the spirit and you keep going down that vein and that river, that means there's a major breakthrough coming toward this because he's wanting his people to pray over it.
This is a major deal.
So, we're hearing about the underground artifacts, and the Lord said, 'There's a major discovery that's coming out of earthquakes.
' I saw earthquakes coming.
I saw asteroids coming into our...
like rocks, they look like rockets.
And what we just had in Utah, they're going to be everywhere.
I saw them going over Europe, but it was so loud it busted all the glass out of people's houses.
It was like a sonic boom went over the land and as far as the people could see—I'm talking thousands of miles.
Where it went over that area, it was so loud that all the glass in the homes was completely destroyed, buildings.
It looked like glass just falling because of this loud...
what was coming off this.
Then I saw them happening over America more.
I saw them happening all over Asia.
I saw it.
But the Lord said, 'This is the signs that I told you you would see.
A great shaking to awaken in the sky, in the heavens.
A shaking in the heavens is coming.
' As I was looking at this in the spirit, I could see the building.
I could see people freaking out because it sounded like something out of a movie.
I mean, it's loud, loud, loud.
It was that loud.
It was like making people's ears ring because of how loud this was going over.
But as I was watching this, I saw there was a massive rock coming.
And as I was caught up, I could see these scientists in a room that had glass walls.
You could see them inside there with this conference table.
And inside this conference table, they had mathematical equations on it.
Now, I don't know if this has happened yet or if it's coming.
I see in the future, the present, and the past of secret things and meetings.
I saw this conference table with drawings of where they believed this rock was going to go.
They had mathematical equations saying they believed—I could hear them talking—that this rock was going to miss the Earth.
But the Lord specifically said, 'Their math is wrong.
It will hit the Earth.
' They know it's coming, but they are wrong on their math.
This massive rock—this is the third time now for me to see this.
I saw it coming a couple of weeks ago and I said, 'I see a massive rock and I can even tell you where it was.
' It was a massive rock, but it's way out and it's getting closer and closer.
This thing was ginormous.
I saw a green laser again coming out of the Louisiana area.
I saw this green beam that hit the rock and divided it, but it still hit the Earth.
As I saw these stones hitting the Earth, they were boiling the water.
I saw actual bubbling, like a pot of water boiling, all around where this rock hit in the Atlantic Ocean.
As this was happening, the fish were dying all around it; it was like it was cooking them.
I saw again a major event concerning our sun and it was similar to an eclipse, though not a full eclipse at first.
When we have an eclipse, like the Great American Eclipse that went over America a year or two ago, it is only a little spot over an area of probably 50 miles that it goes over for a couple of minutes.
When I saw this event about to take place, it was over a massive area that affects the whole world.
It dims the sun, making it not as bright, and it makes the birds feel that the sun is going down in midday.
It doesn't make it completely blacked out like night, but it looks like a haze over the sun.
I saw the leaves in the spirit, and they looked kind of dingy.
Normally, midday sun on a leaf looks bright and happy, but when this happened, the plants had a weird glow to them and the birds were starting to roost.
They thought it was nighttime, but it was all day long.
Nature started acting weird, and birds were gathering in the trees in the middle of the day, not knowing what to do.
I saw migration patterns getting weird and animals starting to breed differently.
Something was wrong with the way our plants decided to grow; our crops weren't doing right.
Sometimes the Lord shows me things from the Tribulation and I don't realize I'm looking into that.
It takes maturity and prayer to discern what I see.
I saw the Great and Terrible Day, and I saw the angels with water coming out of their skin.
They stood over and blew a trumpet, and all the fish died.
There were major earthquakes and shakings around the Earth.
There were four angels blowing their horns, and they looked like their skin was water.
People ask, 'Where's that in the Bible?
' I'm sure it's there.
I would have to have Rick Renner or someone who knows the Word more than I do show me where it is, but I believe with all my heart this is there.
I saw the fish dying everywhere—literally billions of fish.
As I watched the asteroid-looking thing hit the water, it was boiling the water and the fish were dying.
I previously thought it might be gas pockets or chambers, and I told you to watch the oarfish.
I thought a major gas leak would kill them, but the asteroid did it.
We are in the last of the last days, and we're about to see things that will shake this world.
The Lord said, 'I'm coming back for a major harvest, but the racial division in my church has to come down.
' It cannot be that you're black, I'm white, or you're Asian, a little different yellow color, or a different brown color.
We are all one body.
The Lord said when we unite together, the glory is coming down.
We're going to mesh as a body with no separation by skin color or stupid stuff that keeps us separated.
The only way you're going to get this is by praying it out in the spirit.
I saw a demonic spirit of division, a generational curse passing down, but He is going to make wrong things right and restore what the devil meant to steal, kill, and destroy.
I'm calling back ancestral wealth.
Whether it's the wages of African-Americans, Harriet Tubman, or others—call it in.
I call it a supernatural wealth transfer for my family, with interest.
The Lord said that: with interest.
We serve a big God.
We serve a mighty God, and he is a God that restores what the cankerworm ate.
Even if they are not here anymore, the Lord said the Tulsa riots, the Tulsa race riots, and all the things that happened—He is restoring back what the cankerworm ate.
'Whoa, Brandon, we should just let that all go.
' The Lord said, 'I am taking what has been swept under the rug and I am exposing it to get healing.
' Well, you know, people should just get over it and move on.
Who are you to say?
Who are you to say if God says, 'I am bringing back restoration and I want to bring restitution, and I want to bring my body in.
' He is not a broke God.
He has a cattle on a thousand hills.
His streets are paved with gold.
He isn't broke, but people act like he is broke all the time.
The body of Christ surely does.
And the Lord said, 'I am going to restore back to the people if they will claim it.
' 'How am I going to get that, Brandon?
' I don't know; I am not God.
He said to believe him for it.
It is not my job to believe for your blessing; you believe for your own blessing.
But the Lord said he would do it, and I just believe that he will.
He is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all you dare ask or think.
I told Diana, 'Hey, believe for it.
Believe for restoration in your bloodline: the Trail of Tears and the Apaches and all the things that happened.
' Well, they got tribal benefits.
Folks, there is still pain and hurt in people's hearts.
It is generational, and the Lord wants to take the dividing walls and the dividing things down that separate us as the body.
So as I was seeing into that, this is what he said.
Then I saw that there were things about the Titanic that were wrong, that he said they have tried to bury.
And as I saw the water in the Atlantic Ocean, the Titanic area, I saw that area looked like it had demonic spirits.
It looked like ghosts; it looked like blue-looking spirits over the water.
I don't know what I was seeing, but they looked like they were transparent blue-looking, devil-looking things, and it was concerning that boat.
But there was something more sinister that night the Titanic went down that has never been unveiled and exposed.
The Lord said, 'There are darker things here than what you know, than what the world knows.
There are darker things here that they have buried.
' And I saw a certain family that is very powerful that knows there is more to this.
And the Lord said there is more to that boat than you know.
They don't want very many true excursions to uncover more truth.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I thought it was kind of interesting.
Now, I am not a conspiracy theory person; I tell you what I see.
You could go down all kinds of rabbit holes with some of the things that the Lord shows me, and people get all weird about the aliens, the ant people, the giants, or the lizard people.
I have seen some weird stuff with the royals being Nephilim bloodline lizard people.
Seven different lizard lineages.
I told you I saw seven different lizard lineages.
Some of them were in America, some in the Middle East, some in Asia, some in South America, and so on.
I said some lizards look weirder than others, but I saw reptilian bloodlines that they have tried to preserve.
Now, I know that sounds weird and that it's out there, but this is the stuff I see: it was lizard people and they would be able to have a chameleon skin like a man's skin, and they were hiding themselves.
How?
I don't know, but I saw it.
Now, is that flaky?
I tell you what I see.
And if you judge it and you say, 'Brandon, that is off,' I will be the first one to tell you I can miss it.
But the Lord said, 'Pay attention to the Mayan temples.
Pay attention to the hieroglyphics.
Pay attention to what's on the walls in Egypt.
And in the days ahead, there will be more exposing of this.
For as in the days of Noah, so will it be.
I am exposing things; there are things that are still here.
' And I saw stuff in the water.
I saw a city in the water.
Now you say, 'Brandon, that is too far out there.
' I am telling you by what I saw by the Lord.
I know it was the Lord.
And I saw there was something in our water by Africa.
I don't know what that was, but it was dark.
It looked like a city like what you call Atlantis.
And people go, 'Man, this guy's on something.
' No, I am not.
I believe the Lord shows me things and I'm telling you there will be things that are exposed in the days ahead—dark hidden secrets that will come out of museums and things like that.
And I saw them using AI to scan these writings and tablets that were ancient from the Vatican, from museums that they have found, and they will use AI to try to decipher it to open up portals.
And it was dark witchcraft stuff.
I could see them using AI to scan these tablets—these dark black onyx things—and they would find them and try to use AI and quantum computing to try to open up portals.
I said it looked like Stargate.
And they were able to travel through these things.
I don't know how they did it.
It looked like they could go back in time—like time travel.
It was weird.
And I was thinking, 'What am I seeing?
' But I try to tell you all this, and I know it sounds way out there, and like I said, I am not a conspiracy theorist.
I don't get into all that stuff.
It is weird.
But I see some radical stuff.
People say, 'Well, Brandon, this is right out of your imagination.
' I take communion, I pray, I anoint my head with oil, and I do everything I can.
I rebuke any kind of thing that tries to come and ensnare me.
But I yield to the one who created me and I seek his face daily.
In seeking him, I have found him.
I knock and the door was opened to me.
I sit at his feet and he comes and visits me.
Jesus is real to me.
But he says, 'I will show you the things of this earth, the hidden secret things, and I will show you the things to come that will deceive the nations.
And your job is to pray, for I've called you to be a watchman in these last days.
' And then he said, 'In the days ahead, you will be a household name throughout the world for some of the things that will come to pass that you've said, son.
You're always to remember: attract and deflect.
Always.
' And I do the best I can with it.
I say, 'Lord, I know that I'll serve you until the day I die.
And even on the other side, in the thousand years, I'll serve you even then.
' I tell him, even with all the persecution we've received lately, 'God, I'll serve you.
I fear you.
' And it isn't always a popular thing to say that the moon landing is fake.
I see it's fake.
Something's wrong with it.
There's deception here.
And people will say, 'Well, you're attacking our country.
' I am not attacking anything.
I saw something was wrong.
And the Lord said, 'There's more.
There's a new space race that's authentic coming—a real, true thing that will be on the news.
' Now, what you saw in the past was fake.
What's about to happen and come out in the days ahead...
I saw a Manila file and it had 'classified' across it.
And the Lord said, 'This is to rip open and they will take hand to show you what's over here to distract you from what they're doing over here with AI.
' This is the beast system they're working on.
They don't want you paying attention over here, so they're going to release classified documents to get you to look over here because they don't want you looking over here.
He says it's to deceive the nations.
'We can release this because this doesn't matter anymore.
This over here is bigger news, and we don't want anyone over here doing this.
' Then I saw Mark Zuckerberg, and he was looking out of a fraidy hole in a tube underneath in a bunker.
He had a shirt on as blue as this book, as blue as this shirt, with a black hoodie that was zipped up, blue jeans, and Converse-looking shoes.
He had curly-looking hair like he always does.
It was long, and he was peeking out of a telescope-looking thing, looking out of a fraidy hole because something was coming, and he was hiding underground and he was scared.
That was Mark Zuckerberg.
I said, 'Why are you showing me Mark Zuckerberg all the time?
Why is he always hiding in a hole?
' I don't know.
I try to make sense of things I see all the time, y'all.
I just go, 'Why is Mark Zuckerberg hiding in a hole?
Why is he looking out of that thing?
What is he preparing for?
' They know something's coming.
They know something's coming.
So, I tell you these things tonight, and those were highlights of what I saw last night.
I tried to keep it under an hour for you, but I went over.
Braden's trying to keep me up on the time.
He's translating Spanish right now, folks.
Oh, Braden, I went way over.
But then you saw files.
Yeah, I saw the files and they were classified.
That's why I brought up that this is concerning the Vatican.
There are things that the Vatican has information that nobody else has.
There are things that are going to be leaked.
There are things that are going to be exposed in the days ahead that will shake the nations.
You need to hear me.
I tell you this because the Lord told me to warn you.
So, are you ready?
Will you be deceived by what you're about to see?
Will you keep the main thing the main thing and keep your eyes on Jesus?
Men's hearts will fail them for fear looking after those things that are coming on the earth.
The Bible warned us about this stuff.
The Bible warned us that there are fallen angels.
The Bible warned us of giants, Goliaths.
The Bible warned us of a flood.
There are all kinds of things that the Bible told us, and there is history that repeats itself and other documented stuff that they try to bury.
It wasn't just the Bible; there are other people talking about it.
But I saw lizard people, seven different lineages.
I'm telling you, it sounds way out there.
I don't try to talk about all this stuff all the time, but I'm trying to tell you, you must know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
You must have your feet all the way in.
You can't just be tiptoeing in where it's ankle-deep, knee-deep, or waist-deep.
You must be in the middle of that pool of water, going all the way in, drinking and swimming around in it.
I want to be all-in for Jesus in these last days.
If you're here tonight and you tell me, 'Brandon, my pinky toe is not even in the water.
I need to get right with God,' you tell me all this stuff sounds like some kind of sci-fi weird movie stuff.
Where do you think they're getting it from?
How did they make the movie?
Where did the writers get the information from?
Why do Star Wars figures and those things look like demons?
Where do you think they get it from?
You think it just comes out of nowhere?
Good imagination, huh?
It's to deceive the nations.
They're trying to desensitize you.
Look over here at what they're about to uncover and expose because what's over here is much worse.
So when what was really bad is no longer bad anymore, we can show you because what we have over here is really bad.
You really need to get yourself right with the Lord.
You need to repent.
It's time to come home.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
Jesus suffered greatly for you so that you don't have to go through all that.
Hell was not created for you.
Hell was created for Satan, his fallen angels, and the demons.
He is going to burn in a lake of fire forever.
Don't join him.
You don't have to.
He can't repent; you can.
You must confess Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior.
You must believe that he is the Son of God and that he rose again on the third day.
And he's right now making intercession for you.
He's seated right there saying, 'I'm rooting for you.
I love you.
I have a plan for your life, but it's your choice tonight.
' I have to ask you, do you know my friend Jesus?
Last broadcast, we had 43 people, including a warlock, give their hearts to Jesus Christ.
Tonight, I have to ask you, do you know him?
If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
The very shoes you put on today to go to work or take a walk with your wife in the park—even tomorrow, usually Saturday, people have the day off—that night you may not make it home.
The undertaker might be taking off your shoes that day.
None of us are promised tomorrow.
Don't make your life a gamble and say, 'Well, you know, maybe I'll have another time.
' This might be your last time.
I want to present this to you, not to scare you, but to prepare you that there is a hell.
There is a heaven.
There is Lucifer.
There is Satan.
There are fallen demons.
They're tormenting you.
They're the ones trying to talk you out of it right now, whispering in your ear, 'You don't want that.
You don't need this.
' But yet you've come to the end of your rope and you're so tormented with your life that you're saying, 'I don't even want to live anymore.
I can't find joy in anything.
I don't find joy in my marriage, my children, the money I have, or the job I have.
Food isn't even fun anymore.
' I'm at the end of my rope and I'm ready to end it all.
But end it all to go where?
You don't realize you're being tricked and you're right on the verge of stepping over into eternity and going to hell forever.
But Jesus is throwing you a lifeline tonight, and he's knocking on the door of your heart and saying, 'Will you let me in?
Let me turn your mess into a message.
Will you let me turn your life around?
Give me a chance.
You've done everything else: drugs, sex, alcohol, and perversion of all kinds.
You've tried to fill that huge hole, but you just can't seem to get satisfied.
It's like Mick Jagger, 'I can't get no satisfaction.
' He said it because he couldn't and still can't.
You know why?
Because he can't fill it up with the world.
You have to fill that hole up with Jesus.
And the more he fills you, the more that peace that passes all understanding fills your heart, your mind, and your body, and you go, 'My God, this is what I was looking for the whole time.
' I would love to tell Mick Jagger, 'Hey, the reason why you can't get no satisfaction, brother, is because you're filling it with the wrong thing.
You need Jesus.
' And in that, he'll feel that satisfaction.
He'll feel all that desire for everything that you think you have to have—drugs, alcohol, perversion, sex, whatever.
So if you're here tonight and you tell me, 'Brandon, I want to have that peace,' the only way you're ever going to get that peace is the shalom peace, the peace that passes all understanding that comes from the Holy Spirit.
He's the only one.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's always standing there waiting on you.
He's knocking on your heart tonight.
Will you let me in?
So, I want to just say a simple prayer for you, but you've got to get real with God.
Stop running.
You've got to stop running.
Stop going to all the strip clubs and all the clubs thinking that you're going to get maybe that hole filled tonight.
Well, we'll go out tomorrow night.
We're going to paint the town, boy.
We're going to have a party.
We're going to do all that, and I'm going to get so drunk and I'm going to forget where I was, pass out, and vomit all night because I was wasted.
But it didn't fill the hole.
So tonight, why don't you let Jesus change you?
And the only way you're going to do it is by confessing and asking him into your life.
Say, "Jesus, say this prayer.
" Repeat after me.
Simple prayer.
Say it, but you've got to be bold about it, and you've got to mean it with your heart, and you've got to say it out of your mouth, and you've got to believe it.
You've got to say, "I'm a bulldog on a bone.
I want this.
" And if that's speaking to you right now, say in the comment section right now, "I want to be saved.
Tonight's my night.
I'm coming home.
" Brandon, I need you to pray for me.
I don't want to keep going down this road.
You're speaking to me.
I feel it.
But tonight, he died for you publicly, so you be public in your decision, okay?
He wasn't ashamed to die in front of everybody for you.
So you don't be ashamed in confessing him.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I am a sinner and I want to make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Jesus, as of tonight, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on my sin.
I turn my back on the devil and what I was doing.
And from this day forward, I'm sold out to you.
Jesus, I want to make you my Lord and personal Savior.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
From this day forward, Lord, I will serve you with all I have.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I thank you, Lord, that as of today, I am forgiven.
I thank you, Lord, that as of today, I have a brand new start.
Thank you, Lord, that if I die tonight, I'll be with you in paradise forever.
Thank you, Lord, that today I'm saved in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
" I believe if you just said that little prayer right there and you said it with all your heart and you believe that Jesus Christ died for you and he rose again and he is the Son of God, I believe that you're born again.
What do you do now?
You find a Bible-believing church.
You go to a church—I would go to a non-denominational church.
Go there, tell them, "Hey, I need to be water-baptized.
" Tell the pastor there, the associates or whatever, "Hey, I need to be water-baptized.
" I got born again watching some guy on the internet, but I want to make a public declaration and be water-baptized.
I want to do this.
Maybe they'll have it on Easter.
Maybe they'll have an Easter service.
I don't know.
Sometimes they do.
But just tell them, "I want to," and get plugged in there.
Read your Bible every day.
Pray every day.
Go to church on Sundays, Wednesdays, whenever they have the doors open.
Don't go back to the crowd you used to hang around and think, "Well, you know, I'll go back to what I used to.
" No, it's time to do something new.
Invite them to come to church with you, your old friends, whoever you were hanging out, going partying with.
Say, "Hey, I'm going to church.
I got born again.
I don't want to do this anymore.
" They may make fun of you—"Oh, you whatever.
" I don't know.
And they start teasing you.
Just say, "Listen, I'm inviting you to come to church with me.
If you want to come, fine.
If you don't, fine.
I have to.
I choose to follow Jesus today.
" But I'm telling you, they'll either follow you or they'll just go back into the pit they're in.
But they're going to see that you're different as time goes by.
The Word of God will change you from the inside out.
It will change you.
The more you read the Word, the Bible says you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
Now, if you don't have any truth, you don't have a Bible, the Word of God, my wife and I will buy you your first Bible just to celebrate the decision you made tonight to give your heart to Jesus Christ.
We love you.
All you have to do—that's what she's doing right now is sending out Bibles.
I want you to put in the email down below; you'll see it: "I got born again on your broadcast and I would love to have my free Bible.
" I can only do it right now in the United States of America or to military bases or things like that.
I want you to—we'll never bother you again.
We're not here to solicit you.
We're not here to ask you for anything.
I don't ask anybody for anything.
I just do this out of the kindness of my heart because Jesus told me to come on here and pray for y'all and to tell you he was coming.
Now, email us.
We'll send you the Bible.
We love you.
We're excited you're here.
I will ask you to do this, though: like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and be a part of our YouTube channel.
Come and pray with us every time—I try to pray at least five days a week at least to do our church services with you on here.
We love doing this.
This is our family's ministry and our little church community here.
And we're so excited that God has called us for such a time as this.
We're raising up a generation of prayer warriors right now.
We're believing for a million-man and woman prayer army.
And we're so excited for what the Lord's already entrusted us with.
So, if you could just do that for us, we would greatly appreciate the likes, subscribes, and all the things you can do to help us with the algorithms.
Other than that, we're just glad you're here.
I guess that's it.
Fifty-eight people gave their hearts to Jesus Christ tonight.
Welcome home.
All you who said the prayer, all 58 of you, welcome home.
We're excited you got born again.
We're excited you gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
We're bringing them in by the truckloads, huh, son?
It's awesome.
Fifty-eight people gave their hearts right now to Jesus Christ.
And I believe by the end of the week, by watching this video, we'll be well over a hundred on just this one video.
We were believing for over a thousand people a week to give their heart to Jesus Christ.
That's what we've been praying for: 4,000 a month.
So, we're excited to keep giving out Bibles and telling people Jesus loves them.
So, we got to give an ex-Satanist a Bible today.
We sent it off so he'll have it next week.
So, isn't that exciting that a devil worshipper even gave his heart to Jesus and he's no longer going to hell?
So, pray for him.
He needs your prayers.
It's exciting.
He has a whole new road to travel.
So, out of the 58 people tonight, welcome home.
Isn't that wonderful?
So, all right, let's go tubing.
Who wants to go praying now?
See if the Lord shows us anything.
He may and he may not.
We never know.
I don't control it.
Did I mess with it, son?
Just better.
Okay.
That's my new microphone Braden got me.
Yeah.
You don't control it.
He does.
I don't control the gift.
And if he wants to show me something, fine.
If he doesn't, I'm all his.
So, we're not here to perform.
We're here to just follow Jesus.
And so, we're so excited that you're here tonight to pray with us.
So, here we go.
We're going to take communion.
We always take communion before we pray.
I don't ever go into the veins and the rivers without getting communion first.
So, Father, we lift up this body before you.
We thank you, Lord, for what you did for us, that by your stripes, we're healed.
Father, we thank you that we are that born-again bride, that spotless bride that's coming before your throne as your children—not as orphans, but as adopted into your home, coming into your throne room saying, "Dad, I'm here.
" How are you doing today?
How are things going?
We just got 58 new brothers and sisters.
Thank You for the opportunity to lead 58 people to Your kingdom.
Now, Father, we take this body, and we are so grateful that You died for us.
We're so grateful that we don't have to have sickness in our bodies anymore; according to Galatians, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law, and we believe that we receive Your healing power through our bodies right now in Jesus' name.
We close any doors we've opened.
We apply the blood, and we thank You, Lord.
We make much of the blood.
Oh, we do that first; we take the body in Jesus' name.
I went right into the blood already.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for the blood of Jesus.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
It never loses its power.
We plead the blood over our sin, over any doors we've opened.
We cover it right now, and we say that we pray uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, I thank You that You speak through my vocal cords and think through my mind: none of me and all of You in the mighty name of Jesus.
I make much of what You did for me on that cross.
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Lord, that Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
You did; You took it all.
And I thank You, Lord, that the blood of Jesus—I apply it over Braden, over Megan, over Paisley, and Diana.
We plead the blood over us.
And we thank You, Lord, over all our house, over all that You've given us.
Father, we plead the blood.
And we thank You, Lord, for the blood; it never loses its power.
And I thank You, Lord.
I plead the blood over any visions, anything—that no snare of the devil can get us because, Father, we hear Your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
Thank You, Lord, for the blood right now in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Well, praise the Lord.
I went a little long, but we just got a lot of people saved, so it was worth it.
I know it was the blood.
I know it was the blood for me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on the cross.
Thank You, Lord, and He's coming back again for me and you.
He's coming back again.
He's coming back again for me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on the cross.
Thank You, Lord, that You're coming back again for me.
I want to know which way You want me to go tonight because I know what You've already told me before this, so I don't know how You want me to do it.
I thank You, Lord, for the direction; we hit this vein tonight, and we pray for what You want us to have prayed for.
We're so grateful, Father, that You've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
I heard what He said right then.
He said, 'Tell them to give Me praise for everything I've done for them this week as they enter into the next week.
' Father, we thank You, Lord, as we enter into this last week of March.
Today's the first day of spring.
Thank You, Father, for spring is here.
Thank You, Lord, that we're out of winter now.
Spring is here, and God, I love spring.
Lord, we're so grateful, Father.
The weather is changing.
The birds are coming back, and the trees are getting their leaves on them.
Father, we're so grateful for the flowers, for the fish, and for the animals that are excited that spring is here and they're getting ready to have their spawn, some of them.
The deer are about to have their babies.
Thank You, Father, that You've given us life and that we're here, and we have the opportunity to give You praise.
Thank You, Father, for all You've provided for us.
Thank You, Lord, that You said the willing and obedient would eat the good of the land.
Thank You, Father, that You've taken care of me and my wife and my children.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You protected us and watch over us.
Thank You, Lord, for what we drive.
Thank You for the food in our belly.
Thank You, Lord, for our shoes.
Thank You, Lord, for the shirt, for the lights, for the camera, for the microphone, and the computers.
Thank You, Lord, for everything You give us to be able to go on live.
Thank You, Lord, for the family that's here tonight and that there are 7,400 people in here ready to pray.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for everything they're thankful for.
God, there are so many out here that could have gone home today; they could have passed on, but God, You gave them more opportunity to wreak havoc in the devil's kingdom.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for my brothers and sisters here tonight.
I agree with them for whatever they're praising You for.
Father, I just want to give You praise for what they're praising You for.
Father, we just take the time to give You glory, honor, and praise that we made it through another week.
Friday is here; we're going into Saturday.
And we're so thankful, Father, for the weekend.
Thank You, Father, for the weekend.
Thank You, Lord, for the basketball.
Thank You, Lord, for all the things we enjoy watching; You've given us so many things richly to enjoy.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Lord.
Do you know the Lord loves sports?
He does.
He likes to watch sports.
And most people say, 'Oh, I don't believe God likes sports.
' I'm telling you, His kids are playing it, and as a good father does, He loves to watch His children play.
I'm telling you, He'll watch a basketball game with me.
I'll sit there, and I know He's there; I can feel His presence.
And He'll watch the game.
Sometimes I think just to spend time with me, I don't know, or I'm spending time with Him, but He'll watch the Thunder.
He loves to watch the Thunder.
Well, 'I don't believe that.
' Well, you don't have relationship with Him; you wouldn't know unless you do.
If you have relationship with the Lord, you'll develop it.
He loves sports.
He likes basketball.
He likes baseball.
He likes football.
He'll sit there and watch it with you.
Father, I thank You for sports.
I thank You, Father, that You love a fair game, a fun game to watch Your kids play as we would go watch our kids play soccer or whatever.
You like to watch Your kids play.
Thank You, Lord, that You're a God that loves us and You have relationship and You want to be with us.
What is man that You are mindful of him?
What is a woman that You are mindful of her?
You think about us, for Your thoughts are more—You said You think about us more than the sand on the beaches.
You think about us all the time.
You have good plans for us.
You say You have a blessed future for us with long life.
You said You would satisfy us.
You want us to be blessed in the city, in the field, coming in and going out.
You know the plans that You have for us: plans to prosper you, to keep you safe.
What's that scripture, Braden?
I know the plans that I have for you—I want to read that exactly the way he said it.
I know the plans that I have for you to give you an expected end.
Where is that at?
Jeremiah 29:11.
It's fine.
'For I know the plans I have for you,' declares the Lord, 'plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.
' That isn't anything about poverty or hell or anything in there.
'For I know the plans I have for you,' declares the Lord.
So, He's already thought about it.
He already knows the plans He has for you.
It's all in His mind.
He knows.
Plans to prosper you and not to harm you.
Plans to give you hope and a future.
Hope.
He's our blessed hope.
His thoughts are more than the sands of the sea, the sands on the beach, the grains of sand.
I know I probably didn't quote it completely right even at a little bit.
His thoughts are toward us.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You have great plans for me.
So, as we praise Him tonight before we jump in this river, give Him praise for everything.
Brandon, I don't feel like I had much of a good week.
But you still have air in your lungs.
I don't feel like—you know, I just got laid off.
I got all this.
But God has another job better for you; you're praying for a job, a better job.
And sometimes, because our flesh doesn't like to go to the next level, we have to release this hand to grab onto this hand.
And a lot of times this hand is so comfortable, we don't want to let it go to go on to this one.
Where is it?
Psalm 139.
If I should count them, they are more in number than the sand.
When I awake, I am still with Thee.
How precious also are Thy thoughts unto me, O God!
How great is the sum of them!
If I should count them, they are more in number than the sand.
So He thinks about you more in number than the sand.
When I awake, I am still with Thee.
Surely Thou wilt slay the wicked, O God.
Depart from me, therefore, ye bloody men, for they speak against Thee wickedly, and Thine enemies take Thy name in vain.
So it's more than the sand.
He thinks about you and me.
He thinks about us and He has a plan for our lives.
God is a good God and the devil's a bad devil.
God is a good God.
It's all right, son.
I can see it.
God is a good God and the devil's a bad devil.
Oral Roberts said that all the time and that's the truth.
So, Father, we just thank You, Lord, for tonight.
Father, You know the plans You have for us, and You think about me and You think about them as much as many thoughts as more than the sand on the beach.
More than the number of sand.
The Mojave Desert has a lot of sand.
He thinks about us all the time.
Death Valley out in the Arizona area, wherever that is, there's a lot of sand.
The Sahara Desert has a lot of sand.
I don't even think you could get a big old tub of it; it'd take you probably a year to count all these little grains.
But He says He thinks about you that much, more in number than the sand.
God thinks about you all the time.
His thoughts are greater.
It kind of—when you think about how much God loves us and how much He has plans for our life—what is man that You are mindful of him?
Father, we're so grateful tonight that You are mindful of us.
Psalm 8:4-8.
What is man that You are mindful of him and the son of man that You visit him?
For You have made him a little lower than the angels, and You have crowned him with glory.
You have crowned us with glory.
We just don't realize what this glory has crowned us with.
We are with that presence.
We are seated with Him in the heavenlies.
What is man that You are mindful of him and the son of man that You visit him?
I told you He likes to watch football.
He visits.
He likes to watch it with you.
If you make a place for Him to visit, if you make Him comfortable in your house, He'll visit you.
What is man?
Practice His presence.
Practice Him in your home.
Make Him feel comfortable there.
If He were to really show up, would He feel comfortable there?
What is man?
You are mindful of him and the son of man that You visit.
He visits.
For You have made him a little lower than the angels and You have crowned him with glory and honor.
And You have made him to have dominion over the works of Your hands.
You have put all things under his feet, all sheep and oxen, even the beasts of the field, the birds of the air, and the fish of the sea that pass through the paths of the sea.
Isn't that beautiful?
He gave you dominion over it.
He's seated with you and He loves you and He said, 'Hey, I'll come and visit you.
' Father, what's on Your heart today?
We worship You.
We glorify Your name in all the earth.
We magnify Your name in all the earth.
We magnify You, Lord.
We magnify You, Father.
Thank You that You would even look our direction.
As much as we mess up, as much as we have fallen short, You keep looking at us and You want to come and spend time with us.
And never one time have You been mean.
Never one time have You been up there just to browbeat us, if you truly know Him.
He's not that way.
You've never been up there saying, 'You know what, I'm just so ashamed of you.
' You're always patient.
You're always kind.
And You're always love.
And You're always that friend that sticks closer than a brother.
And You're always there whenever we even mess up and we fall down and skin our knees.
And You're the daddy that has the antiseptic ready to touch it, saying, 'Listen, I got this.
You may have messed up your knee, buddy, but I got it,' and just rubbing it off.
Always picking us up.
You always have us.
You're always holding us.
If we can do anything for You tonight, Lord, we're here.
We humble ourselves under the mighty hand of God.
We humble ourselves before You and we sit at Your throne.
And we thank You, Lord, that You become so real to them on the other side of this camera tonight.
Father, all the lies and all the things the devil has tried to put in their thoughts to try to lie and tell people that He is mad, that He's an angry God, that He's up there ready to slap people around—it's all a lie.
I'm so grateful, Father, for tonight.
Thank You, Father, for the opportunity to pray again.
Okay, we're praying for Israel tonight.
I'm looking into parts of Jerusalem, parts of Tel Aviv.
I'm seeing the Wailing Wall.
I see the Wailing Wall.
I see the dome, that Muslim temple, and on this side of that Wailing Wall, that whole side of that dome is caved in and I see fire.
I see smoke, black smoke coming out of this dome.
All of this whole side is completely caved in.
Half that dome is caved in.
It looks like some kind of an explosion hit that dome on this side.
Say the Wailing Wall's right here; it's on this side.
It looks like something hit it from this side, but it's caved in.
Yeah, it's all on fire.
I hear the Lord say an acceleration of things is about to begin on another level.
An acceleration is about to begin in Israel.
The birthing pains will now double.
When Passover comes, a doubling of the birthing pains will take place as labor pains on a woman.
The labor pains will now double when Passover comes.
Okay.
I see another refinery.
I see a major oil refinery in Israel.
I see this oil refinery and it's glowing.
The tubes.
All these tubes.
It looks like a storage facility, but there's lights on it.
And I see these lights shining on this facility.
It's a drone.
It's a man-made looking drone.
It's a drone, not like a military-looking one.
This looks like one blade, two blade, three blade, four blade propellers, similar to video games.
It has a—Braden, you know what I'm talking about.
It looks like the one on Call of Duty, son, like that, but it has C4 on it.
And in this, it's a remote detonator.
You know what I'm talking about, son?
Yeah, man.
Make a restart.
I see the refineries in Venezuela and a strategic thing against Venezuela's oil involving Cuba.
I see oil facilities in Venezuela.
I see targets trying to retaliate against America and strategic targets in Venezuela's oil.
There's a dragon there with red eyes.
I bind you in Jesus' name.
Get out of here.
I plead the blood of Jesus.
That thing was coming out of Colombia.
It looked like a dragon-faced gargoyle with a gargoyle body and a round belly.
It looked stone-figured with demonic eyes and the face of a dragon.
As I saw this coming, I saw strategic drone warfare on the Venezuelan oil facilities.
This is the cartel.
I see Cuba involved trying to destroy this industry.
I see strategic targets in America to come after the oil using drones, similar to what I told you about the stadiums.
It's very interesting because of what's trying to protect this from being seen.
They're trying to get assistance to block the seer from seeing what they're planning.
They're trying to call for aid and assistance from their demonic things and trying to block the seers from seeing it.
Father, I thank you for my angels.
I put angels all around us now.
Angels of the Lord, make manifest and make war against those demonic spirits.
I apply the blood over this livestream.
Thank you, Big George, for coming to help us.
Able to disarm.
I see the derricks out in the Gulf.
Do you remember the BP oil spill?
I see a protection around Trump.
I see two lines, the fishes and the loaves and the multiplication.
It multiplies.
I see a strong arm concerning the woman in Japan, and I see her developing financial relations.
As I see the boats coming, I see boats being released to help out in the Strait of the ships—an aircraft carrier and then a bunch of others.
Is that called a brigade?
But the problem is China coming after Taiwan.
Taiwan needs your help.
It's a secret plot.
I see Russia involved, North Korea, and deals being made for the chips.
I see it concerning Taiwan, South Korea, and China; they're trying to corner the market.
They want to take this market and bring it into them like a mother hen brings in her chicks.
I see this demonic-looking dragon trying to bring in Taiwan and South Korea under its wings.
Even with North Korea, Kim is like a social pariah, but I see Russia and Xi Jinping trying to bring it in now.
I see Vietnam, but they're trying to devise a plan for global takeover of the chips.
I see them using medical supplies as blackmail.
I see Macron.
I see Italy and Germany.
I see the man over England all devising a plan, wanting Iran to fail.
They want Trump gone, trying to make him look really stupid by failing with Iran and the Strait with the oil, having a scapegoat.
They want him gone, so they look at him as arrogant and want him to lie in the bed he made.
They say, 'He did this, now let him fall by his own sword.
' They don't want to be involved.
Out of retaliation for what he's done, they're looking at the midterms.
I see November circulated.
I see certain key Democratic leaders, like Kamala, that have an influence on Europe.
They want it to fall to replace him.
You hear an undercurrent to replace him.
Gavin's involved.
I see Booker.
It's an undercurrent of how they can impeach him or get rid of him before his term.
It's strategic.
I see Macron and the people in Europe; they don't like what he's doing.
They're being sneaky because he's a roadblock to Global 2030 and their agenda.
I see 2030 in big letters.
They want to run faster with surveillance and media—a global noose on humanity.
But I see Japan.
The woman wants a blessing.
Watch the Sooners.
Japan and South Korea, watch the Sooners for the economy.
I see the Boomer Sooner wagon concerning Japan.
Help him, Father, to trust who he needs to trust.
Help him, Father, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly and only hears Your voice.
I pray over President Trump's ears that he is led by the Spirit of God.
Clean out his ears in the name of Jesus that You would speak to him in a still, small voice.
Even if he has a 'writing on the wall' experience, show him how to lead this nation by the Holy Spirit.
Father, I thank You that JD Vance won't run for president in 2028 because there's a scandal that will try to develop to embarrass the nation.
I see a scandal coming that will be very embarrassing.
Father, we thank You for President Trump.
We believe we have authority, and we pray over him that we carry him across that finish line, that he'll take no counsel from the ungodly and will have great discernment to know who to trust and who's a liar.
Who to trust and who's a liar in his staff, in his inner circle, that he would know who to trust and who's a liar.
And I pray over his children.
I pray over Ivanka.
I pray over Tiffany, over Barron, over Eric, over Junior, and over Kai.
We pray over these children.
We pray over his grandkids that the angels of the Lord are encamped around and about them.
Father, they're around and about them.
They'll bear them up in their hands lest they dash their foot against a stone.
A thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh.
Father, we cover protection over President Trump, over his wife, over the party, and over the Hispanic man, Marco Rubio.
We pray protection around Marco Rubio.
We cover him in the blood.
We cover his family.
We cover JD Vance.
We cover them, Father, that they will finish this term.
I see that demonic ploy.
I see a demonic undercurrent of purples.
I see Mamdani.
I see New York.
I see an attack.
I see a fire.
I see shaking in New York.
I see it coming—civil unrest.
I see the Statue of Liberty burning, and I believe this is symbolic.
What happened in Benghazi?
Benghazi.
The Democrat faces.
We call—oh, and the young man is in danger.
The young man with the hoodie is in danger in California.
We pray protection around him right now and his hotels.
We pray over him right now.
The young man is protected; he has security.
I see his security, but we pray protection around about him, over his food, over the young man's food.
We pray over the dishes.
Don't eat that food, boy.
The young man with the hoodie, don't eat the food.
That boy, what is his name, son?
Nick Shirley.
Yes, Nick Shirley.
Don't eat the food.
We pray over your food and your drink.
We pray you will finish what God has called you to do.
He's on an assignment.
We pray a hedge around and about Nick Shirley tonight, that he is covered in the name of Jesus, exposing the darkness.
Exposing the darkness over any coffees, any kind of Starbucks, any kind of drinks.
I cover his drinks and food in the blood.
I cover him in the blood.
A thousand shall fall at his side and 10,000 at his right hand.
You said we could eat any deadly thing and it wouldn't harm us.
You promised us, Lord, that we could eat any deadly thing and it would not touch us.
We pray over his food and his drinks.
We pray over him as he exposes darkness.
Why is nobody in politics doing this?
Why does this young man have to do this?
We have some corrupt politicians in here.
Why is the young man doing this?
Why are the politicians not doing this?
Why is he the only one with the camera?
That's what I hear.
Why is he the only one?
Question this.
The Lord said, "Question this.
Why is the young man the only one doing this?
Why is Nick Shirley the only one doing this?
You're being played.
This has nothing to do with a young man doing this, son.
" We pray over his life.
I say he will not go home early.
He's protected out of political theater.
Remember this.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say, "Political theater.
You are being played.
There's much darkness.
There's much corruption.
" And the Lord said, "I'll expose it.
I'm going to expose the trafficking.
I'm going to expose this, even over the other guy, Benny Johnson.
" And as I said Benny Johnson, I see Alex Jones.
We pray over Alex Jones.
We cover Alex Jones in the blood.
We thank you, Lord, that Alex Jones will become even more of a voice piece for you in the days ahead.
The plans to hurt this man—Father, I thank you, Lord, that he's covered, but especially cover Nick Shirley right now.
You need to pray for him.
We cover him in the blood that he will finish it.
But the Lord said, "Ask yourself why it's not the discovery department, like people that are investigating fraudulent activity going into this more?
Why does it have to be this guy?
He is exposing it on social media.
" There's more to this.
The Lord said there's much more to this.
It's political theater.
Bondi, these people, they know it's there.
They know they have files, but it's political theater.
Social media talks loud.
The Lord said social media talks loud, son.
We pray over his food.
We pray over him.
We thank you, Lord.
As you see the distraction, get ready to be uncovered and come very boldly into this election year.
There's a distraction.
And I see it like this: it's shaking.
A distraction is being unbirthed in front of the American people.
A distraction to distract from this.
A sleight of hand like, "Look over here.
Look over here.
" Take the picture while you're looking over here.
You're getting the baby to look over there so you can take the family photo.
But I'm telling you, this is what they want you to look at while they are doing this over here.
It is a distraction.
Political theater is coming.
A great distraction is coming.
I see May highlighted.
I see June.
I see July—July 4th.
I see September 11th, Rosh Hashanah.
I see political theater.
This is about midterms.
There's much darkness with the deep state that doesn't want him to finish his race concerning the 2028 agenda, Agenda 2030, all this.
It's all unfolding so fast.
I see purple.
I see dark purples and light purples.
I see America divided to try to create a civil war with the wall of the Illuminati.
And it says it with the eye of the pyramid to try to cause civil war in our nation.
They want to create an undercurrent of a civil war with political theater—divide, divide, divide, conquer—to get a foothold in your finances, the food, politics, and media to control.
And I see a plan even with censorship coming out of Instagram, Facebook, and TikTok on a greater level, and even trying to corner Elon to do what they want him to do by blackmail.
So many people are asleep.
You better pray you don't lose our nation.
This is a dark agenda to take the nation and they want to make civil war, blue against red, causing a great divide to try to impeach Trump.
And it's going to be dark.
Oh my goodness, Lord.
I see that great big python trying to choke our nation from the middle and it's coming up out of the Gulf and wrapping around our nation.
And the Lord said, "Remember what I told you?
Who will stand in the gap for America?
Who will pray for America?
" He said, "I warned you.
A storm was coming.
" A storm is trying to come.
If they've been too quiet—I see Black Rock.
And the Lord said, "He's got everyone.
The angels of the Lord are camped around and about us, and a great revival will come.
" I see it in this pressure, son.
In political theater, a great revival.
Just remember this.
It's going to get dark, dark, dark.
It'll be as thin as this nickel.
One side will be the glory, one side will be what's going on in the United States—the drama, World War III, all of it.
And you're going to see darkness so dark, but you'll be able to choose.
You have to choose every day what you focus on, because the glorious church is going to rise.
And you got the darkness on this side.
Why?
Because this is the labor pains and, as it was in the days of Noah, all these things, but the glorious church is on this side.
And you're going to see the church rise up and be what God has called us to be.
He's not coming back for a weak, pathetic church.
Watch.
But it's that thin; it's like a line.
And you choose what you focus on.
I know I talk about a lot of things.
Our job is to pray.
But I'm telling you by the spirit of God today, I see a great dark plan being plotted right now.
And it's concerning him being obedient to help liberate the people of Iran, setting up for Ezekiel 38 and 39.
He was obedient, but they have a plan.
And I see Macron.
I told you he will come back as a tyrant in the days ahead because the man is a dark man.
Macron is a dark man, and it's the same with Mark Carney, and I'm telling you these people are puppets of this agenda that the antichrist is trying to push.
It's all about the end, folks; it's about control, and it's all coming to a head.
And that's why I'm trying to tell you, if you don't know Jesus Christ, you're running out of time.
God said, "I've given you a window.
What will you do with it?
" When he brought Trump in, if Kamala Harris was here right now, it would be a different ballgame.
Do you understand?
People don't have a clue.
You really don't.
But I'm trying to tell you major shaking's coming, political theater.
There's going to start to be a lot of stuff in the news: interest rates, things, Jerome Powell finding a new job.
You're going to start to see things really start to change.
Watch what takes place.
And in the 250th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence—thank God for our forefathers that thought that thing through.
Our Constitution—we had some smart men, led by the spirit of God, that wrote that.
Our Bill of Rights—the things that our forefathers did.
Thank God that we had people that were smart and didn't have dummies in power.
You know that I just believe that was orchestrated by the hand of the Lord, our Constitution.
Thank God for people that prayed.
Father, I thank you for Nick Shirley.
You protect that young man tonight.
You protect him.
But not just about tonight; I see we protect him as he does all this political theater.
Protect him, Father.
Protect his food.
Protect his drink.
Protect everything he eats.
Everything.
Protect him.
Thank you, Lord God.
His hand's not short, and he'll protect him.
I believe it.
And anybody who's associated with him, God will protect this young man, Nick.
So, we love you.
We pray for you, sir, and we believe that Jesus Christ has his hand on you.
I don't know if you're born again or not, but I pray you are.
I pray you know Jesus.
We pray for you.
We pray for Alex Jones.
We pray for these people.
There's a lot of political theater.
The Lord says, though—I've already been way too long tonight, but I know in my heart God has his hand on this night and I'm so thankful for you all being here.
Thank you for every single one of you that came out tonight and prayed with me.
We'll be back again tomorrow and pray some more.
I don't feel like we're quite done yet, but we pray over Joe Rogan.
I see in this—I see Tucker's heart turning gray.
I see Tucker's heart getting in a—it's like you dipped it in gray paint.
It's still beating, but it's covered in gray.
The Lord says it's not black yet.
It's turning gray.
Tucker's heart—it's beating and it's turning gray.
Now, this is going to sound really wild.
Should I even say that out of my mouth?
The things you say, Lord, the things you show me, Lord, I fear you, not man.
Oh, Father, I fear you, not man.
That's my air conditioner.
So, we love you and we pray this blessed you tonight and we will be back again.
We'll pray together.
This was very heavy, Braden.
All this that I just saw.
Is it loud across their thing there?
A little bit.
All right.
Well, I can turn it off.
It's good.
Don't worry about it.
I'm closing this stream.
We've been here three hours.
We love you all.
Thank you for being here.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all.
Good night.